Falls can also be stored in Flash.
So if I type the C'mon show flash I can see various files in Flash including the operating system of
the router.
I can then do the command copy run and pointed to flash.
So let's call it run one dot see if G.
Show flash noticed that file now exists in Flash more Flash run.
Let's see if she will show me the file stored in Flash.
So I was able to copy the running config to flash and also to view the contents of that file in Flash.
So it's possible to store configuration files in Flash.
I could also copy the startup config at the moment it's not set so save for the start of config by using
the shortcut.
C'mon W-r.
And then I can say copy start to flash and I'll call the start one to see if G Show flash noticed stalked
Let's see if G stored in Flash and I could view that by typing more flash start.
See if G and I can view the configuration.
Now another useful component is terminal length for type show run.
I'll see the running config but it's restricted to a certain number of lines the default terminal length
is set to 24 so once again when I top show run I'm told that there's more output
will do that again and I press enter or see one line at a time.
You can change the terminal length to vary the amount of output that you see.
So as an example if I set it to five and top show run I only see five lines of output every time I press
space ball.
Now if you have a very long configuration a nice option to remember is terminal length 0.
And now when I use the command show run it shows me the entire config rather than me having to press
spacebar every time I get the full config in one go which is great when you want to do a copy and paste.
So in this example I'm selecting the entire running config in one go which I could then paste into notepad
as an example.
So I've just taken the full configuration of the router and pasted it into notepad by selecting it in
putty putty automatically copies any selected text.
And when I right click it pastes it into the output.
Now in this example I'm seeing another problem.
When I enter the command and the rightest trying to resolve that using a DNS server and you'll notice
it's taking a long time to do the resolution.
So as an example if I typed Cisco dot com it's going to take it a long time to resolve that domain name
no DNS server has been configured in the example.
So the router is broadcasting on to the local segment to try and resolve the command or name that I've
entered that can be very frustrating if you make a typing mistake because it takes a long time to resolve.
So rather than typing configure I'm going to make a typo here and type it as follows.
Notice with out the T and just the word configure with the typing mistake.
I have to wait.
So if you make configuration mistakes and you're not using a DNS server it can be very frustrating waiting
for this to time out.
So let's look at a resolution to stop this long delay in the timeout of the DNS name.
So we're going to top confetti and type no IP domain
and hit enter.
Now if I type Cisco dot com so some command topped incorrectly notice.
Now times out very quickly.
Now if you're using a DNS server you could use IP domain lookup but in this example I'm not so I've
disabled the lookup of domain names on the router to cause less stress and frustration with commotions
taking a long time to time out.